=== Basic "changes" from Angband 2.6.1 to Angband 2.7.0 ===

Added field "name1" for artifact identities
Used "name2" only for "ego-items" (not artifacts or chests)
Addition of another flag set for items.
Reorganization of the flags for items.
Addition of "IGNORE" flags to allow items to "ignore" damage.
Removal of the "Resist Acid" properties of various items.
Made artifacts MUCH more resistant to "death by throwing" :-)
Made "store cost" a property of objects
Used "pval" (not "timeout") for rods, which are NOT activated.
Made rings/amulets of Strength/etc also do "Sustain Strength" etc.
Realized that the preceding change was probably a mistake.

Simplified "feelings" about levels
Rewrite of the "pathname constructor" code.
Added floating point (yuck!) to "standard deviation" code.
Added extra "options", for "color", "disturb", and others
Implemented the "new_screen_layout" option (as an option).
Added a "Show depth in feet (vs actual level)" option.
Redid the targetting code, and the direction code.
Fixed more "gender" bugs in the monster recall code.
Wrote a true "output buffer" for I/O, no longer depends on Curses
Made it easy to add a "screen manager" for any "platform".
Added "screen managers" for X11, Curses, and Macintosh
Made it easy to add a "recall window" to any "platform".
Incorporated the "color" code from MacAngband 2.6.1
Cleaned up the "screen layout update" code.
Cleaned up the header files (a lot).
Separated out some generic "non-angband" files (like random.c).
Added flags SUST_STR, SUST_INT, etc, to reduce "silliness".
Renamed a LOT of variables/fields to more "consistent" forms.
Forced "flag constants" to refer to theie "flag set" explicitly.
Fixed a few old bugs based in misplacement of certain flags.
Rewrote the "monster recall" code some more, genericized it some.
Declined to add the "auto-direction" chooser for open/disarm/etc.
Added option "always repeat" to allow "open/disarm/etc until done".
Rewrote the "something is in your way" (and related) checkers.
Reorganized the source to make the files more "self-contained".

Made "low level" spell books susceptible to "fire damage".
Did other related modifications to the "inventory damage" routines.
Extracted the "disenchantment", "nexus", and other such functions.
Threw out the "Bill Cosby" message.  "Cute" is not "good".
Considered writing an "artifact template" file.
Added monster race fields for "current/max" population per level.
Considered using this instead of the old "reproduction limits".
Cleaned up the use of "hack_monptr" in a BIG way.
Separated "update_monsters()" from "process_monsters()".
Put "XXX" and "Hack" in the code to label areas of future work.




